hello welcome to how to play Star Wars
Galaxies episode 9 hope this be a really
quick tutorial I just want to briefly go
through and actually show you how to
travel on the land in this game we
already covered star ports and shuttle
ports but as far as vehicles and mounts
we have only covered that yet mounts are
actual animals that you get turned into
a clinical horse they have a saddle you
ride them and you take them across you
know the land and that's what they are
there a little faster than then you can
walk they might even be a little faster
than people if they have like a burst
run but they're not the fastest way to
travel in game the nicest thing about
them is if they die or they get shot by
a player or something they're not dead
they come back they're fine so that is
the nicest thing about them is you're
not gonna worry about them getting
destroyed so I'll go and open mine he's
my datapad you call him the the downside
amounts nowadays is when you call them
you instantly are on top of them there's
not a call them let them sit there or
they'll follow you as you see I'm
running around he's a lot faster than
Demi walking he may not be as fast as me
with my force run but that's just the
way it goes but you know he walk around
he's pretty fast and you can also have
really touched on this either let's say
you get you know really tired of a
holding the arrow key to run and you are
done pressing it maybe you're using a
light on the keyboard to make yourself
to run for it forever on your keyboard
there's a button that says number lock
it's on the the number of side of bright
side your keyboard press that num lock
right now my hands are not touching the
keyboard number lock in this game is
what is he used to make your character
just walk you just go you don't do
anything else and he will keep going
until he runs into an obstacle you can
just use the mouse to start guiding then
if you don't want to actually no use the
keyboard one bit to maneuver
and that's it then you just push the
button again either push number locking
in a stop or just any key for direction
you'll stop if you get off your mountain
stored that's pretty much it now there's
other vehicles in the game if you really
need to do some traveling and you don't
want to have to do any kind of running
or I called that vehicle Ginn
unfortunately all I've got our some more
rare vehicles in my data pad but there's
a lot of vehicles in this game
especially as a lot from the the trading
card game you can get vehicles though
when you call them they stay there until
you get on top of them and here you'll
see they pick up some speed and off they
go not extremely fast but compared to
walking around everywhere it's the
fastest way to travel when this game
first came out this was the only way you
could go around was to walk there were
no mounts there were no vehicles you
walked everywhere and player cities
didn't even exist yet so you know be
glad you actually have these mouse and
you can actually go around wherever you
want going up hills not really a problem
enough our vehicles moving your low
level and you're trying to walk me to
walk yourself they may mountains may be
a problem but that's it you are on there
also to you may have seen me do this a
couple times i'm not sure if you want to
open a radial key to it to an object
like say to this house here and you
there's a button called the tilde key on
the keys on the back of your keep on the
top your keyboard the one through nine
zero and the same ones that do your um
your actions down here the tilde key is
the button to the left of the number one
it's kind of a little slowly line if
you're on top of an item and you press
that you'll open up the radio key
there's only works on actual objects
that are outside of your data pad or any
other anything like your inventory so
till takeda and you can actually examine
things
or same thing with your mount here or
your vehicle till the key on it and you
can enter and exit or till the key in
store that's basically it that's but you
know that's pretty much steps vehicles
as I said there's a number of vehicles
out here in the game some of the cool
ones out you can actually have multiple
people in there's actually room in here
i think for eight people two four six
and eight and you have a group of any
peoples the most you have in a group and
you can travel around in it so it's nice
way that if you're in a big group you're
trying to get the same place you don't
want to punch people Drake taking all
their own sweet time you can actually no
Gator by there at one time so um till
then till next time hope you enjoy this
this is a real basic you know
introduction to vehicles and mounts I
just haven't talked about it and when it
all YouTube to know that that it does
exist and mounts can be cheap to buy
some other players you can get them free
also in on the planet cacique from
quests and vehicles you can get free
starting on the very starting on the
plant there's but there's a quick quest
to get you a free vehicle it's a crappy
vehicle but it's a vehicle and but
vehicles are pretty cheap you can get
some pretty good ones from scrub some
players you might even given for free if
somebody's nice enough to give to you so
um see you guys next time and I hope you
enjoyed it
you